Huh, it seems that you have met your end. Ugh, what a pity. Y'know I-I dont feel too bad about it, though. 
After all, if it weren’t me, it would’ve just been one of the others, I guess. I’m honestly just glad to be out of those air ducts. Y’know it’s-it’s not easy for a hippopotamus to fit up there, and not easy to get down either. 
I’m not as young as I used to be, as you can see. I used to be able to do all the sorts of things. Y-you’re young, you’re vibrant, you have that sort of pep in your step. 
Heh, reminds me of a conversation that I was havin’ with one of my good friends Orville. 
We were havin’ a nice picnic one day. I believe it was summer or perhaps it was…was it the fall? Yes, yes. It was the fall because the leaves had turned already. 
But I said to Orville I says, "Orville I have a story to tell you," and Orville looked at me–y’know, kinda odd–and, and said, "What’s it about?" I said to him, "not every story has to be about something Orville. Sometimes a person just wants to talk. Why does everything have to be a story?" I said to him. 
He just looked at me. 
He said, ‘Well y-you said you had a story.’ Y’know he was quite right. I did in fact. I told him I had a story. 
I suppose if a person just wants to talk then it’s best to not announce that you’re telling a story. Tellin’ a story does come with its own pressures and expectations I-I suppose. After all, if you’re just talking to a friend then there’s no more expectations than if you were talkin’ into the wind. 
Words by themselves aren’t expected to carry–uh, aren’t expected to stick, but if, y’know, if you announce that you’re tellin’ a story well then there’d better be a point to it all, y’know? No one wants to sit and listen to someone ramble on and on and on with absolutely no end in sight. 
So, y’know it’s-it’s good to be mindful of that when you tell someone that you’re about to tell a story, that you have something to say. Tellin’ someone that you’re gonna tell them a story is tantamount to askin’ them to stop what they’re doin’ and–and pay attention. 
You’re basically sayin’, "hey, hey buddy, stop everything, stop what you’re thinking. I have a solution to everything." And well I didn’t really have a story to tell. 
In-in hindsight I-I probably just misspoke when I said that I had a story. I think it would’ve just been better to tell Orville that I wanted to tell him something, rather than tell him that I had a story. But, y’know, even then it mighta put too much importance on the whole thing. 
Either way, it was quite a nice day. I remember–I remember that we were drinking tea.